# Prologue
## Scorching wind

The world was on fire. 

It was not the lightly warm fire of the fire Levant that Rand routinely drew
from; it was a bloated, scorchingly hot fire that consumed everything in sight.
It was likely due to some young Levanter attacking the tower to gain some
Levant amplifier or other item that they believed would give them the ability
to dominate some region. Rand sighed at the malice of the creature desolating
the outside world. How could people become so selfish after seeing the
glorious power of the Levant? How could one ever think that power over
creatures could compare to the joy of wielding the Levant for good, helping the
world, bringing beauty to pass? Rand guessed that it came down to pride: some
creatures simply could not stand the thought of collaboration with equals, and
thus felt the need to be the sole creature able to channel the Levant. Such
creatures always came to the tower. 

Given the history of unsuccessful attempts to seize power Rand was really not
sure why people continued to do so. Maybe the misguided power-hungry fools
felt that they needed a powerful item to begin their rule, or wanted to
eliminate early the people of the tower who would shut down any ruler that had
control by virtue of their power with the Levant. Maybe they just wanted to
prove that they were different by succeeding where past would-be tyrants had
failed.

Many assumed that because of Rand's insistence on peaceful use of the Levant he
would pose no challenge to their plot. Rather, they assumed that the tower
must posses some protection granted by a powerful item that had thwarted
countless power-grabs. They assumed wrong.

Rand pulled from the Levant, channeling storm, to generate a thick mist,
essentially clouds drooping with water, that spread from his body and
suppressed the flames in his vicinity. The tower did not need any protection
wards. Rand was the most powerful Levanter to be born in thousands of years.

Rand channeled wind Levant and glided out of the tower on a powerful gust of
wind. He would confront whatever creature had decided to attack the tower and
give them the same choice that he always gave: relinquish their tie to the
Levant, or die. Of course, this wasn't really much of a choice: how could one
live without Levancy after knowing its power? No one ever had chosen this
peaceful route. Rand was not afraid to fight these challengers though, his
command over Levancy was incredibly precise, and his power was incredibly vast.

As Rand grimly approached the evident origin of the fire--his mist had
dispelled all the fire but that in a small circle around whatever Levanter had
caused it--he noticed that the fire appeared to have a slight black tinge.
What could that mean? Did the offending creature have some item that altered
the impact of Fire Levancy? Unnerved Rand felt himself involuntarily shiver.
The tower was a tall building encircled by a courtyard that was surrounded by a
small gate. Rand was approaching the gate now. He looked back at the tower and
his mist, and then, shocked, double-took. Although his mist was clearly
suppressing the fire, a pillar of fire had exploded from within the mist. As
Rand watched it diminished and finally dissipated. But what could have caused
this?

The sooner Rand could confront whatever beast was causing this and put an end
to these strange events the better. Rand reduced his hold on the Wind Levant,
and eased out of his flight right on the outskirts of the persisting bubble of
fire. Rand channeled Wind Levant again and had the wind carry his voice.

"You who aspires to destroy all that is good of the Levant, show yourself!" Rand shouted

An sad laugh sounded from within the flaming circle, and Rand felt the wind
Levant be invoked. A small pitch black dragon arose from within the flames,
levitating with the use of Wind Levant rather than using its wings.

"I dont't know why you have chosen to attack the tower today", Rand shouted up
to it, "But you have proven that you do not deserve to be able to weild the
Levant!"
"I believe in redemption, so I will give you a second chance: relinquish your
hold on the Levant to me and you can walk away in peace. If you will not
however, I will end you. You pose to great a threat to the peaceful inhabitants
of this land. What say you?"

"I am Malimost", the dragon said quietly, dexteriously using the Wind Levant to
place his whispers directly in Rand's ear. Rand was impressed at the dragon's
level of skill with the Wind Levant.

"When I was barely able to fly members of the Cult of the Blessed came and
slaughtered my community. Although we were peaceful dragons they claimed that
all dragons are evil, and decided that we had to be exterminated. I was small
enough that I could hide, but no one else survived the attack. We had no chance
against them, they were well trained in use of the Storm Levant, from this very
tower as they bragged. They took everything from me. On that day I realized
that the world is not safe with rogue Lenavters in it. I will regulate who has
access to the Levant, only trusted creatures should be able to touch its great
power."

"How could depriving the world of Levancy be for it's good? You've been
wronged, everyone knows that the Cult of the Blessed are extremists who
sometimes misuse the Levant. Their actions should not incite you to deprive the
world of the beauty of the Levant. Do you remember the first time you flew with
the Levant? Without the Levant who would grow food? We need the Levant. The
Levant is in integral part of the world. The Levant connects us to the world.
You can't possibly think that we would be better off without it." Rand pleaded 

"Ah, " Malimost said, "it is certainly true that the Levant is gives great
power. I don't intend to deprive people of this power. I merely intend to make
sure that the people who have it are under control, specifically under my
control."

"So you want my title as head of the tower of Levant learning? I'll never give--"

"Oh no. You can issue documents about best practices of Levant use all day but
no one has to listen to you. I have a far more reliable method in mind. I knew
that such control as I desired would be difficult to attain. I searched far and
wide for a method to be able to control so absolutely and reliably. I heard
whispers of legends of a powerful item, an item that could force creatures to
obey you. I pursued the legend deep into the shadow realm and was able to
procure a bondstone at last."

"A bondstone? But that is an invention dark Levancy. Dark Levancy has been
extinct for thousands of years."

"Not extinct. Merely hiding. Banished to dark places. Biding it's time until a
worthy Levanter came along."

"No. No no no. You must know the consequences of using dark levancy! It eats
away at your soul!"

"What need have I for a soul? I have a purpose. That is enough."

"Malimost, you are a danger to the world and even more so to yourself. I
command you! Relinquish your Levantic abilities to me!"

"Ah, you still don't understand do you? I did not come here because I lack
power. I came here to demonstrate my power. Once you are dead creatures will
flock to me, begging to swear upon my bond stone. You have been around for much
too long you old Levanter. You give people a sense of security. One that will
prove to be false."

"There is a reason Dark Levancy was banished! Even if you defeat me it will be banished again!"

"I shall see. You shall not."
And with that, the ground erupted in an earthquake.

Darn! Rand cursed as he reflexively channeled Wind Levant to escape Malimost's
Earth Levant. Rand then directed his wind Levancy to blow him up towards
Malimost and hurled Storm Levancy at him. Malimost grinned maliciously, and
rebuffed Rand's attack nonchallantly. Malimost shot a beam of Fire
concentrated into a laser sharp fireball directly at Rand, which Rand
extinguished with a quick mist cloud. Except he realized, to his horror, that
it wasn't actually extinguished. The fire, like the fire that had been burning
down the tower was tinted black. As realization struck Rand he looked back to
the tower, and saw what he knew he was going to see: it was completely
destroyed. Countless items and Levancy texts destroyed! Malimost had been
distracting him as the black fire burned despite his storm Levancy. 

Rand had heard many stories about Dark Levancy, and could vaguley recollect
that the Levantic creations of dark levancy could do very unintuitive things. 

He's too powerful, Rand thought, I'd better get help, fight another day. The
destruction of the tower of course didn't mean that the Levanters of the tower
were destroyed, their training was too good. They knew the procedure: if
someone attacked the tower they were supposed to get as far away as possible
flying away with Wind Levancy. Rand would be powerful enough on his own to
best any attacker. Or at least he had been in the past. Before Rand coudl
escape, he would need to temporarily restrain Malimost. He had a very powerful 
item that he saved for emergencies: blinding mud. Rand flew in close to Malimost, 
so close that a fireball nearly got him before he was able to repel it with wind Levancy, 
and then shot the blinding mud at Malimost with a gust of wind.
Malimost roared in surprise, and began spewing fireballs in random dirrections.

Rand flew up above Malimost, gathered his strenght, and pummeled Malimost with
with Wind Levancy, forcing him down into the burning ground. Rand followed
close behind, and once close enough to the ground bound Malimost in plants with
Earth Levancy. Malimost kept spewing fireballs, but they were trivial to block.

Now is my openning he thought. But just as he was about to fly off, a thought
entered his head: what if he just killed Malimost now? He was very dangerous,
but incapacitated. Rand floated silently down towards the ground, and prepared
a deadly beam of flame. He shot it. And Malimost suddenly disapeared. 

Malimost repeared directly next to Rand, and laughed. 

He could teleport? That was powerful dark levancy only spoken of in a few legends.

That was it, Rand needed to get out now.
Rand used an his speed boost item, and shot into the air.
Malimost lazily soared after him.

Rand was deeply unsettled by this pursuit. 

Rand suddenly came upon an invisible barrier in the air.

Malimost caught up to him from behind.

"Ah, now you realize. There is no escape!" Malimost gloated at his victory.
"None of your young creatures learning at the tower even had a chance. That
barrier will immolate any who enter it."

"No! But they did nothing!" Rand sobbed. 

"Ah yes, now you understand." Malimost said sadly.

"You won't succeed. Creatures will resist you!" Rand shouted in defiance.

"Maybe some," Malimost admitted. "But most won't. They will see the benefit of
restricting access to this dangerous power. I will make them see." 

Resigned to his fate, Rand resumed his attack on Malimost. He threw every item
he had at Malimost. He used all his centuries of magical experience to assail
the dragon. But it was not enough. The dark tinted magic seemed to have
unlimited patience. It would hide in a subdued form, as the fire had, until
Rand's attention was elsewhere, and then creep back up. Fireballs Rand had
extiinguished and blown away crept back and hit him. Not hard, they were week
after being blocked once. But it was too much nonetheless. The incessant
attacks wore Rand down. Eventually, when all his items were spent and he had
expended all his energy a gust of wind drove him to the ground. As he fell,
incapacitated, he felt flames engulf his body. The black tinged flames of dark
levancy. 

Darn, Rand thought.

And his body exploded into a pillar of flame.

Malimost looked down upon his work at the tower.

The world was on fire. 


# Chapter 1

"Get up!" Bucky's deep voice pierced through Bob's dream of llamas grazing on a field.

Brushing his black shoulderlength hair from his eyes, Bob groggily began to comply. 
Although the morning was somewhat chilly, Bob could tell that the day was
shaping up to be a pleasant summer day, slightly hot but with a refreshing
breeze. Bob loved the summer in llama land, in the winter no matter how many
cloaks he bundled up in he allways felt the chill in his bones. Bucky always
joked about this: Bucky said that Bob was a young child unacquainted to the
world; in some far parts of the world their summers were colder than llama
land's winter, and where it got so cold that white powder called snow fell from
the sky instead of rain, he often joked good heartedly. Bucky only had
experience with such places because he had been with his dad, the village
merchant, on a few journeys as a very young child. Bob was hardly a young
child, a few months younger than Bucky at most, if not older than Bucky, but
you couldn't tell from his stature. Bucky was a very large man, towering over
Bob despite the fact that Bob was above average height in their home village.
Bucky wasn't lanky though like Bob, he had an abundance of muscle to augment
his height making his stature quite imposing. This intimidating effect was
ruined however by his affable smile and twinkling brown eyes filled with mirth.
Bob had been friends with Bucky since early childhood. They had naturally
decided to graze llamas together a few years back, and over the years had
experienced their share of adventures: dealing with runaway llamas comprising
the large part of these adventures. They could hide in lots of places in the
hilly expanses of Llama land and catching them when they had the mind to run
off was quite difficult.

Bob carefully rolled up his light summer travel cloak and tied it to his backpack.
He walked towards the smell of oats, which reminded him of the oats his
mom always used to make.  Bucky had already started making breakfast
on a cheery campfire in the center of their campsite for the week. Today it was
time to move on from this campsite, they couldn't let the llamas graze for more
than a week in one location or the grass would be hard pressed to recover. Bob 
sat down on a rock next to Bucky. 

"Sometimes I think you'd sleep past noon if I didn't wake you" Bucky joked.

It wasn't true, Bucky woke extraordinarily early whereas Bob had a regular sleep cycle.

"Where are we taking the Llamas next?" Bob queried.

Bucky took out his map, which was intricately drawn in deep black lines on a piece of parchment.

"Normally we would go to The Burrow next, but we actually are quite close to
the village. If we press hard I think we could make it by tonight. It would be
fun to see some familiar faces, and we could restock on supplies. The only
breakfast I have left is oats!"

"Wow, I didn't realize we were that close!" Bob replied. "Yes that'd be super
coppola! What are we waiting for?"

"Well I didn't want to interupt your sleep", Bucky said smirking.

They scarfed down the remnants of their oats and quickly washed their dishes,
put out the fire, and packed their bags. 

The Llamas were milling about, but moved to follow Bob and Bucky as they started walking.
The occasional Llama needed a little more than the pull of the group of llamas
moving to direct it; for that Bob and Bucky had long wooden staffs, hooked at
the end, for gently directing a llama back to the right path.
Bucky navigated with his compass and map, which left Bob free to think.

It had been months since he had seen the village, and his family.
Bob was an only child but had never felt cheated because of this: his bond with
Bucky was stronger than many brother-brother relationships that he had
observed. However, Bob deeply loved, and hence missed, his parents.

Bob's mom, Grace was sturdily built with Black hair that ran down her back. 
He remembered the smell of Grace's homemade bread. He really liked this bread.

Bob's dad was an unusually thoughtful man. Bob remembered how when he was 
younger his dad had always read him stories like Lewis' *Chronicles of Narnia*.

Bob and Bucky walked on at a leisurely pace, occasionally trading comments.

After walking for longer, an unexplicable feeling of unease began to gradually
creep over Bob. There was no clear cause, and Bucky's comments did not give any
hint that he felt the same, so Bob decided to not say anything: *no point
in spoiling Bucky's excited mood* Bob thought.
However, the feeling only intensified. Suddenly Bob, who had been scrutinizing
their surroundings for a while by now noticed a dark stream of smoke emenating
from the ground far in the distance,
dirrectly in the dirrection that they were walking.

"Bucky", Bob said, his voice shaking, cutting Bucky off in the midst of some
trivial comment that he hadn't been listening to. "Do you see that smoke up there?".

"Yes. It looks like it is coming directly from the direction of our village! Do
you think they are having a big gathering around the huge bonfire that they
usually have huge gatherings around? Those are usually pretty exciting! I can't
remember them ever doing one of these during the day, kind of no point in
having a fire you know, but remember the time that there was a fire dancer that
performed? He spun fire around like I imagine someone could with fire levancy!
What do you think they are doing at this gathering?"

"Bucky I don't think this is a gathering. You're right that they never have the
fire going during the day, it would be a massive waste of wood. I have a bad
feeling about this." Bob said uneasily.

"You think something is wrong? Like someone's house caught on fire? Oh no!"
Bucky said. "Well you could be right, it does seem like quite a lot of smoke" Bucky admitted.
"I'm sure it's under control, but we should hurry in case they need help,
assuming anyone is even in trouble. Let's leave the llamas here, and run the
last little distance to the village."

Bob didn't feel too good about this plan but was too ashamed to voice his fear
in the face of Bucky's selflessness. Bob was worried about himself, Bucky was
worried about their friends in the village.

They started off at a run towards the village, leaving their sheep to mill
around aimlessly. After getting a bit closer Bob realized that the smoke cloud
was enormous. Almost as if... the entire village was on fire. Suddenly they
came to the top of a hill that they had been heading up and could actually see
the village.

Fires raged all over the village. Dead village peopel littered the
surroundings. As they watched for a moment, stricken with shock, they saw boars
-- big pig-like minions of Malimost with razor sharp tusks -- hunting down a
very small number of moving shapes, which Bob realized with horror were village
people. Although he could not identify faces or forms, he knew that every slain
human was someone who he had known.

"We have to help them" Bucky said, recovering from his shock faster than Bob
and instictively saying what they both knew was impossible.

"Bucky, they're dead. And so are we. The boars will notice us in at most a
minute. They can run faster than us. There is no where we can hide, and they
probably can track us by smell anyways."

"There are dead boars down their too Bob" Bucky said in a trembling yet honest
voice, "we shouldn't go out running, let's go out fighting"

Bob considered the suggestion. On the one hand it went against his instinct for
survival. But rationally he would be dead either way, and maybe getting it over
with would be better than painfully prolonging the moment of his death.

Bob's internal deliberations were cut short however when a boar noticed them
and started charging towards them. It was pretty far off, but becoming less so by the second.

Bob decided that running would be more painful then staying. "Thanks for being
a great friend Bucky. There's no one I'd rather die next to."

"Same! I think. Well actually I guess I'd rather die next to someone evil like
Malimost, because then while dying I'd rid the world of a great evil. And I
would definitely rather you didn't die if it could be avoided. So actually you
might be my last choice of a person to die next to. But I think I get what you
mean." Bucky said.

They laughed together. Bob was surprised, but it was real laughter. Bucky could
do that somehow, his humor and happiness were so insane that you couldn't help
but love them. 

The only thing that they had resembling weapons were their shepherds crooks,
which they brandished in front of them. The boar reached them and they engaged
it. It was hopeless. They bludgeoned it with their crooks, but it was a moment
of time before it gored them on its tusks.

In the back of Bob's mind he vaguely registered what sounded like hoofs -- much
heavier sounding than the boars' hooves, more like horses hooves --
pounding towards them from behind. More minions of Malimost undoubtedly.
*Aw, they'll get here too late to kill us themselves* Bob thought sarcastically, *what a pity*.

The boar speared Bucky in the arm, and then through him to the ground. Then the
boar turned towards Bob and made to gore him through the chest. Bob couldn't
stand it. He closed his eyes. Suddenly Bob felt something surge up in him, and
a loud crack sounded. The boar didn't reach him. Eventually Bob opened his eyes. 
The boar was lying dead on the hill. It looked as if the boar had been struck by lightning.
What in the forest? 

He wouldn't have long to dwell on it before more boars, or those hooves that he
had heard from behind caught up to them. Not caring, Bob rushed over to Bucky,
incredibly concerned for his friend. The deep concern he felt seemed irrational
to him: they would both be dead in minutes, what would be gained from him
helping Bucky? Besides, the gore was likely to make him vomit. Nonetheless Bob
felt compelled to see how serious his friend's injury was.

"Bucky? Are you ok?" Bob asked.

Bucky only groaned. The boar's tusk had made a deep gash in Bucky's arm and
blood was gushing from it. Staving back nausea Bob ripped off part of Bucky's
shirt and tied a crummy tourniquet.

The hooves from behind stopped and a rider yelled down, "Get on. Hurry!"

*What?* Bob thought, *Why would they want us alive but none of the other villagers? Are these people from a different group?*.

"Who are you?" Bob demanded.

"We're your friends, and you're going to be gored by boars if you don't get on
this horse right now." a male voice said sarcastically.

"I'm Azeala, that's Mercury. And you're the chosen one. Let's save more
introductions for after we get away from this situation" a female voice said
from a different horse.

The riders hopped down. 

"Is your friend still alive?" Mercury asked, seemingly unconcerned.

"Yes!" Bob said, still in shock at his possible escape from death.

At that moment the next wave of boars reached them. 

"Get Bucky on a horse and get on the other horse. We'll deal with the boars and
then be out of here." Azeala said confidently yet grimly.

They looked to have actual weapons, and Bob didn't think he'd last seconds
against the group of 5 boars that was nearly upon them -- his victory over a
single boar was a strange fluke -- so he had no choice but to trust the riders. 

He gently picked up Bucky and put him on one of the horses, and then got on the
other horse. Azeala and Mercury made short work of the boars, Bob didn't get to
see much but the end result: 5 boar corpses and Mercury and Azeala emerging
without a scratch. After their fight the riders ran to the horses. 
Bob was strangely tired, and began to pass out on the horse.

"Is he ok? " Bob heard Mercury ask in a voice laden with concern.

"He's just tired from using levancy. I don't think he understands what he did. But he will learn."

"How can you be sure?" 

"Because he must."

Bob drifted out of conciousness as they continued their escape from the boars.

# Chapter 2 

When Bob was shaken awake he was off the horse, and in some kind of cavern.

Bob followed Azalea through the tunnels, arriving at a dark grotto. 

“Holy...” Bob was left speechless. The grotto was illuminated by chasms and
deposits of glowing minerals, eliminating the need for torchlights. 

“Boss won’t be happy with the peasant you brought back.” A man with winged
sandals nodded in greeting, as he sipped from a canteen of Lampyris-knows-what. 

Azalea scowled. “The peasant, as you call him, might be our only chance at
salvation. Look at his eyes. ”

The man peered at Bob’s face. “Forest green flecked with silver… “ he murmured
in disbelief. “It’s him. The Chosen One.“

“Holdup” Bob raised a hand. “First of all, who” he gestured at the man, “The
hell is he, and what is this ‘chosen one’ rubbish?” 

Azalea rolled her eyes. “This is Mercury. He’s our main supplier, in addition
to being a full-time annoyance. Give him your shepherd’s crook.”

“The standard build then?” Mercury grimaced, as Bob warily handed him the
wooden crook. “Man, this thing is absolutely horrendous. I’m going to make a
few minor adjustments. Hope you don’t mind.”

Bob stared in horror as Mercury chopped the curved portion off. “You defaced my
crook!” he protested. “It was a family heirloom!”

“The balance and design were simply horrible really, completely impractical in
terms of combat. This is so much better”, Mercury explained, as he started
applying some sort of adhesive. Then he pulled out some metallic strips and
began lining the formerly-crook-now-staff with it. 

Azalea sat down and began cleaning her sword. “As for the Chosen One… you’ll
have to wait a bit later before you’re allowed to hear about that.”

Mercury handed the staff back to Bob. “Here,” he said. “It’s lined with diamas
metal now. The material serves as… a conduit for levancy, if I may. When
ingested, it grants levanters enhanced healing and levantic abilities. You can
also redirect or amplify your powers through physical weapons with diamas
embedded in them. Alchemists have been debating about the existence of the
Philosopher’s Stone for centuries, and it turns out that diamas comes pretty
damned close to being the levancer’s equivalent of it.”

Azalea admired the shining gleam of her polished blade. “Mercury capped the
ends with diamas as well. It should be able to handle anything you come across
for now until you get Vee to fix you something better. She’s the one who forged
my sword. Out of diamas as well, obviously.”

“Victoria, or Vee, is our blacksmith.” Mercury clarified. “Now, that’ll be five
hundred seg.”

Bob raised an eyebrow. “I thought you were the supplier.”

“Shopkeeper would be the more adequate term. Azalea gets things for free
because I owe her a life debt. It’s a long story, but don’t expect free
handouts."

"Well, if you don't have cash, I also accept payment in the form of blood-bound
magical favors or your firstborn child."

Bob blinked in confusion.

“Mercury, stop teasing him”, Azalea chided.

“Fine. He’s going to have to do me a favor though.” Mercury turned towards
Bob. “I need the unicorn on the Turquoise Grasslands out of the way. 

“A unicorn.” Bob said, deadpanned. “You expect a 17 year-old llama herder, with
no combat experience, to defeat a unicorn.”

“You’ll be fine. The Levant is particularly strong in this area, for reasons
I’m not allowed to tell you yet. It’ll guide your movements and improve your
reflexes. Just stay calm, don’t do anything stupid, and drink this vial of
highly illegal drugs.” Mercury held out a bottle filled with a shimmering liquid. 

“This vial of WHAT?”

“...I’m messing with you, this is the concoction of diamas metal and other
solvents I mentioned earlier. 

Azalea smiled wryly. “It IS technically illegal under Malimost’s rule, though
quite frankly, we don’t really give a damn about what a power-obsessed dragon
considers legal or illegal.” 

...Some time later…. 

“Alright Bob. I’ll take care of the boars, and you tackle the unicorn. Don’t
look at me like that, you’re the one with the uber-cool superhuman abilities.” 

Bob had other doubts. “Maybe we should just leave.” 

“C’mon, you have to at least give it a try! What’s the worst that could
happen?”

“Do NOT ask THAT QUESTION! Every time, I swear to Lampyris, why do you always
have to jinx it? This is like deja vu of that time with the rabid llam-”

“Okay, okay calm down i get it. But the stakes are low, and we could always
retreat if things get bad. We’ve both dealt with wild boars before, and with
your new abilities, the unicorn should be a joke.”

Bob glared at Buchanan. “You actually have zero concern for your personal
safety.”

"Tell me something we didn't already kn- DUCK!"

Buchanan's retort was cut in half, as a horned beast covered with scales
charged towards them. The two dived in opposite directions, barely dodging its
ivory horn. The unicorn whinnied in annoyance, and as if on cue, a horde of
boars appeared in the clearing. Buchanan nodded at Bob, then pulled aggro from
the boars, leaving Bob to deal with the unicorn. 

Bob steadied himself, drew a deep breath, and gulped down the potion Mercury
had given him. He felt a surge of power, both the insignia on his cheek and his
staff glowing in the same shade of turquoise. 

The unicorn pawed the floor, preparing to continue its assault. Bob twirled his
staff in a defensive pattern, movements guided by the levant, his head lifted
high in defiance against the majestic creature. It charged again, but Bob
sidestepped the attack easily, this time assisted with diamas metal coursing
through his veins. 

He whipped his weapon towards the horn, hoping to snap the ivory material, but
caught the unicorn on its shoulder instead. Bob grunted in pain as the beast
landed a kick in retaliation, dislocating his left arm and rendering it useless
for the remainder of the fight, despite his accelerated healing. 

The unicorn was not unscathed either, its maw bloodied by the jagged ends of
the diamas strips. The young levancer and the beast continued to exchange
blows, neither able to gain the upper hand. They fought on as the sun set in
the horizon, equally matched in strength and agility and brutality. 

Bob cursed. *Mercury said this was supposed to be easy*, he thought. 

Suddenly, Buchanan cried out. As Bob looked away, the unicorn took advantage of
the distraction and gored him through his already-damaged arm. Bob yelled in
pain as he landed on the rocky dirt, while the unicorn aimed towards his heart
for its final blow. Bob lifted his arm in a desperate attempt to shield
himself, a prayer to the nameless gods on his lips. His insignia shone, even
brighter than before, and Bob caught the faint scent of lavender.

The air ignited, a cyclone of blood and fury, knocking the unicorn to the
ground. 

Light-headed from the sudden drain of energy, Bob crawled towards the unicorn.
He drew his hunting knife and stabbed the pitiful, moaning creature without
hesitation. He supposed that one should feel guilt at slaying a magnificent
being like the one before him, but Bob never was one for sentimental nonsense. 

He collapsed in pain and exhaustion, as the unicorn slowly passed into the
void, its silvery blood pooling onto the soft grass. 

...

After what felt like an eternity, Bob was shaken awake by someone. "You did
it!" Buchanan yelled. 

Bob spat blood. "I almost *died*", he croaked. "I almost died, and it would've
been a *joke* to Mercury."

"What have we gotten ourselves tangled into?" he whispered in horror.


# Chapter 3

Mercury and Azalea glanced at each other. "Bob?" Azalea asked carefully. "This
isn't a unicorn's horn. How did you get this?"

"What do you mean 'how'. I listened to Mercury's bullshit about the whole thing
being easy, almost died fighting the unicorn, took a nice, leisurly stroll
around Hell's doorstep, then came back because *someone*," he glared pointedly
at Buchanan, "couldn't contain their enthusiasm, and refused to let me black
out in peace."

Mercury gingerly picked up the remanent of the mythical creature. "This did NOT
come from a unicorn. This is a kirin's antler, and those things are supposed to
be unkillable. Even *Rand* was not reckless enough to take on a kirin."

"Wait," Buchanan asked. "What's the difference between the two?"

Mercury explained with equal parts frustration in Buchanan's ignorance and
shock at the trophy he held. "Unicorns are everywhere, and a major nuisance at
that. Relatively easy to dispatch, but they breed like rats. Kirins, on the
other hand... Kirins are essentially minor deities. They're *incredibly* rare,
like, once-in-a-millenia kind of rare."

"If I'm not mistaken, the kirin Bob just hunted down was the same one Malimost
fought. Malimost managed to get an antler, but at the cost of his hindleg being
permanently maimed. Of course, that was centuries ago when Malimost was still a
youngling, and he hasn't attempted it again since then. But still... to defeat
a kirin is no easy feat."

"No easy feat?" Mercury mocked. "That's an understatement. Why, it's
practically unheard of! Kid, I have newfound respect for you."

"Does that mean you won't charge me for supplies?" Bob tried with a smile,
despite the horror intensifying in his heart.

Mercury smirked. "Don't push your luck. I'll give you a decent set of supplies
to get you started with though. Can't have the most talented levancer in the
world die because he wasn't properly equipped."

You'd better rest after your battle, but tomorrow you need to talk to us. You
can find us in the main cavern. We'll take you to a little cave where you can
sleep securely right now.


# Chapter 4

Bob could hardly believe what had happened to his life. Just a single week
earlier his only concern in life was the well being of his herd of llama's, and
when he would get back to the village to see his family, and his friend Sarah.
Now, a single week later, everyone he had ever known, with the sole exception
of Buchanan, was dead. Burned to a crisp by Malimost's dark fire levancy. Or
more likely some of his bound servants, Bob doubted that Malimost would deem
his small village important enough to personally destroy for whatever
unexplained offense had led to its destruction.

He still felt numb every time he thought about the destruction of his village.
*How could this happen?* This village was all that he knew! Bob was completely 
shook and at a loss for how to move on with his life. On the one hand he
clearly could not go back to his peaceful, existence as a llama herder; a
blissfully uneventful existence that was not boring for lack of events but
rather pleasant. No Bob could never return to this idyllic way of living. The 
obvious reason for this was that he and Buchanan had been forced to abandon
their llamas in their flight from the minions of Malimost that they found
ravaging the village. Furthermore, it simply wasn't safe. However Bob
desperately wanted to return to this existence. He did not feel, as Buchanan
foolishly seemed to that the destruction of his village meant that they had to
fight against Malimost. What a ludicrous idea! Bob infernally chided his overly
hopeful friend. Bob had about as much chance of decreasing how terrible
Malimost's rule was as he had of winning the annual village swimming contest,
and Bob couldn't swim.

*Eventually*, Bob supposed, *I will have to seek out some other location, and
somehow acquire more animals to shepherd or something*. Maybe I could be a
farmer? However, at the moment Bob was very far from anywhere where he could
do this. And Bob wasn't going to abandon Buchanan, he'd convince him to come to.
Buchanan was sane, he'd listen to reason, Bob hoped. 

This plan relied on Bob and Buchanan not dying in the immediate future however,
and death recently had become a prospect which was drearily high probability.
Memories of Bob's fight against the unicorn haunted him. And yet there was also
a surprising spark of excitement during the battle: when Bob had realized that
he could really naturally channel the Levant. The feel of his magical cane
turned staff in his hand had been reassuring, a firm pillar amidst the chaos of battle.
He would like to experience it again, although of course not in a dangerous situation.

Buchanan walked over. "Hey Bob! You just get up?" Buchanan amicably said,
standing over Bob as Bob, groaning, finally got up at the sound of Buchanan's foot steps.

"It's impossible to tell when it's day and when it's night in these blasted
caverns" Bob complained, "and I'm exhausted from my battles".

"Well you are the chosen one! Better get used to battles and exhaustion and the
like." Buchanan said, in an air much too casual for Bob's liking.

*Oh, not this prophecy nonsense again* Bob internally groaned. Buchanan was
obsessed with this prophecy that he had apparently heard many times when he was
young: that a green eyed llama herder, the first levancer among his people,
would suffer a great tragedy and go on to exact retribution on Malimost.
Or something. In truth the prophecy was incredibly vague, and muddled through
constant retelling via the oral tradition.
Somehow, Buchanan believed that Bob's victory over the unicorn in
addition to the other events that have transpired proved that Bob was some how
special and destined to save people form Malimost's oppressive rule. 

This of course was utter nonsense. His newfound levantic powers were of course very surprising.
However it was very unlikely that Bob would become a strong levanter, and
completely laughable to speak of him opposing Malimost, who was a more powerful levancer than even the legandary Rand!
No one better than Malimost had challenged him in a thousand years, not that
Malimost gave levancers much chance: Malimost made sure that levancers were
bound to him as early as possible, or killed if they would not consent to be bound with his oathstone.
There were always rogue levanters who were able to hide, but these were insignificant flies compared to Malimost.

No, Bob was not destined for great power. 
Usually when Levancy first started showing up in the children in a new region the levanters were incredibly weak.
No one really knew how new aspects of the Levant were created. The Levant was
clearly tied in an intricate way to the geography of a region: the strength of each type of
Levancy that levanters could channel depended greatly on where they were. Only the most powerful levancers could 
even channel levancy of a different type than the source that occupied their region. 
When a source of Levant came to a new region some children -- it wasn't clear
how they was determined, although some hypothesized that the children had to
have been somehow "exposed" directly to the new source of Levancy -- would develop Levantic abilities. 

Maybe in some time long gone Bob's powers might have been a blessing that gave
him great joy. Now however 
they were a mark over his head. It would eb exceedingly difficult to find a way
to live the quie life that he desired, as if any of Malimost's minions found
out about him he woudl be hunted down.

Now that Bob had defeated the unicorn the caverners had promised that they would help him and Buchanan.
It was time to go see what plan they had in mind.

"Let's go talk to Azeala and Mercury now that we've killed their dang unicorns."
Bob said, pointedly ignoring Buchannan's comment about his supposed destiny.

"You're not even going to wait for breakfast?" Buchanan laughed.

"No, I want to get this over with as soon as possible", Bob said seriously "we
can eat once we're on the road to safety, and once they've explained why we had
to risk our necks to kill those unicorns."

"Bob, you know that those unicorns were probably somewhat responsible for the
desolation of our village..." Buchanan, said, sounding surprised at Bob's
anger.

"I don't freaking care!" Bob screamed. "The majority of the world is an
accomplice of Malimost! Any other minion could have destroyed the village for a
reason as arbitrary as whatever the unicorns had. The destroyed village is a
sunk cost. There's no fixing it. Nothing we can do will bring them back. It'll
just make us join them in the ranks of the dead. And don't you start about that
corroded prophecy and hope for a better life for the rest of the inhabitants
of this earth and about how I'm being selfish. I'm simply sensible and you know
it!"

Buchanan looked somewhat put out by this. But it of course wasn't in his
nature to verbally argue with Bob about this. Nor was it his nature to be
swayed from his foolish beliefs in prophecies. Most of the time Bob 
thought that these traits were fairly admirable in Buchanan. But 
an optimist only survived when times were good. In bad times optimism was often
fatal.

Bob quickly rolled up his gear into his pack and he and Buchanan walked down
the cavern paths in silence: Bob in angry silence, Buchanan in contemplative
silence.

They reached the glowing central cavern and Bob was again shocked by its
magnificence. In contrast to the rest of the caverns this cavern was intensely
brightly lit, by torches covering the walls and large fire pits with roaring
bonfires. The seeming waste of this light would have bothered him if he didn't
know that this wood did not release flames that burned hot, the flames emitted
electromagnetic radiation in a remarkably specific subset of the visible
spectrum: namely the emitted almost solely visible light. Furthermore the wood
had remarkably high energy density. The combined effect was that this wood
could glow a vibrant bright white for a very long time. The flames served a
dual purpose: to provide light, and to provide a reminder that the people in
this cavern resisted Malimost, and had powerful Levanters, for example a master
of plant levancy who was willing to set up this light supply for them.

Stalagmites glistened above, the light reflecting off of their many surfaces.
On close inspection this room was similarly wet to the other caverns, but this
place felt much less dreary because of the light.

Buchannan spotted Mercury and Azeala waiting at the booth where they had
advertised that they would be waiting. They looked incredibly anxious, and
clearly had not yet spotted Bob and Buchanan.

Right as he was about to start walking towards them however, he had a very rational thought. 
"Wait Bucky" he whispered, "can we talk about this first?"

"What? Is something wrong Bob?" Buchanan said, showing his characteristic look of concern.

"It's just, well, we didn't really understand how dangerous it was going to be
to face that unicorn. Honestly we could have died."

"Well, yeah" Buchannan admitted reluctantly. "But doesn't it feel good to
defeat them? We made the world a safer place..." Buchannan trailed off when he
saw Bob's expression of disgust. "ok, but that was a one time thing, and I'm
sure this unicorn horn is of vital importance to them", he said gesturing to
his pack which contained their hard won unicorn horn. "They'll help us now".
"We can go somewhere safe, and you will have time to learn about your new
Levantic abilities. Then when you're ready the prophecy implies that you will
be presented some opportunity to overthrow Malimost and make the world a better
place!" Buchanan said enthusiastically.

"Important opportunities never present themselves, they only come after intense
personal effort", Bob derisively said, although the affect was diminished by it
being said in a whisper. 

"Listen Buchannan though, this prophecy business is exactly what I'm worried
about. They, like you, seem to believe I probably have an important part in
their so-called battle against Malimost. Even if they aren't deluded by this
prophecy they know that I'm a Levancer. I don't think they are going to let me
go off into some quiet place. I think they're going to push me to go on a quest
to defeat Malimost."

Buchannan sighed. "I doubt it. But if it's true I'll stand by you: you
shouldn't be forced to go on a quest before you're ready."

"No one is ever ready for something that they cannot do yet" Bob thought. But
he decided not to point this out verbally. "Thanks Bucky! I knew I could count on you." he said instead.

Bob and Buchanan walked across the large cavern to the booth where Mercury and Azeala were waiting.
Their faces lit up in what Bob thought looked suspiciously like surprise at seeing him and Buchanan alive.

"Did you get me the unicorn horn I needed" Mercury asked, sounding pleased.

"Yes I've got it right here!" Buchanan said happily, moving to pull it out.

"Not right here..." Azeala said. "Let's have this conversation somewhere a bit
more private. I think that a lot of things about this shouldn't become common
knowledge. These people are good people but the only true way to contain a secret
is to never spread it in the first place."

Rather than placate Bob as Azeala might have guessed this would, the attempts
at greater secrecy worried Bob. It reeked of further plotting to Bob, and he
did not like the sound of that. Furthermore the idea that secrets were not sage
even in this stronghold was greatly disturbing, not in the least because Bob
had kind of naively taken for granted that he was not being spied on. Bob wasn't
very used to this whole being rogue thing.

Bob reluctantly followed after Azeala, Mercury and Buchanan into a tunnel
offshooting from the main cavern. After walkign for a very short while
they came to a small enclosed room. They walked in and Mercury bolted closed the door.
"We are totally secure now" said Azeala. "This room has been Levantically
soundproofed, no-one, even with levancy could possibly hear our discussion now".

Bob snorted derisively. He sincerely doubted that the security placed on this
room was truly unbreakable to a levantic measure.

"Don't believe me, do you?" Azeala smirked at his chagrined expression when he
realized that she had heard him. The existence of one-way functions with
backdoors is not so implausible, it is in fact the basis for this really cool
algorithm in theoretical comptuer science called RSA.

"Yeah", Mercury chimed in, "or for an even simpler example just think about the
problem of factoring a semiprime in the cases where you have no information and
the case where you are given a prime divisor of the semiprime!"

"Um ok" Bob said. "It just seems hard to do that with like sound waves."
Like sure you could encrypt a digital signal, but we have an analog time series here.

"just because you cannot understand it right now doesn't mean that it's false."
Azeala reprimanded. "If you were thinking less skeptically you would realize
that you actually understand very little about Levancy so it is entirely
plausible that you would not the mechanism by which it works"

"Although truth be told neither of us have any idea how it works either" Mercury admitted after a pause.

"ok, to business. You can get out the unicorn horn now Buchanan" Azeala said in a business manner.

Buchanan pulled out the unicorn horn and handed it to Azeala.

"It's really true." Azeala whispered in wonder, clearly speaking only to
herself. "The prophecy, everything that we believed in".

"Enough!" Bob shouted. "You can find another poor fellow to trick into
fulfilling your dang prohpecy. I won't be fooled though. The whole endeavor is hopeless".

Heedless of Bob, Azeala chanted

> "The chosen one shall come forth from the llama lands, and have eyes as green as the grass that the llama is grazed on
> a humble llama shepherd by birth, and yet destined to shake the earth
> the one will be known by their green eyes and the fact that if they beat a unicorn in battle and take its horn then the horn will turn black
> the one will face great tribulations e.g. getting their village burned down, and will take a path either to eradicate evil or become it"

Bob was shook by the power of her voice, but shook it off, there was no such
thing as prophecy. Azeala had just practiced theatrical skills. It was easy to
impress a poor llama herder. Before Bob could object further Mercury pulled
another horn, this one a pure white. Not the beuatiful pearly white of a
typical unicorn horn, but rather a blinding white light that almost hurt to
look at, in the same way that the unicorn horn that Bob had collected from the
unicorn had turned darker than the darkest night.

"This is the fabled horn created by the legendary levanter Rand shortly before
his death. If you'll remember Rand was actually the oracle that initially issued the 
very prophecy that you are destined to fulfil. Rand had no idea why he was
making this horn at the time that he made it, but made it because of an
impression that it would be important in the future."

"And lucky that he did, he died shortly after making it. It has long been
conjectured that this horn had some relation to the prophecy, it is too much of
a coincidence that a black horn appears in the prohpecy, an obvious dual to the
white horn supposedly created by Rand. 
I say supposedly because the horn was lost after Rand died, many people assumed
that it burned with the rest of Rand's famed tower of Levancy and the artifacts
that Malimost burned there.
If not, it seemed almost certian that the horn had come into posssesion of
Malimost, he colllected nearly all the magical artifacts."

"However, we found this horn lying on the ground somewhere recently. 
And then we ran into you.
We had to know if the prohpecy was true.
We know it was super dangerous to send you, a barely awakened levancer, to face a unicorn.
But we had to. Had to know.
And now? It appears that we were correct."

"Most people seem to believe that when the chosen one wields both horns and
shouts copolla then something magical will happen, which will be critical
towards bringing about the downfall of Malimost."

"So how about you try it?"

Bob was totally blow away. "No way" he tried to object, but it sounded
half-hearted even to himself.

"You've got nothing to lose if this is all a prophecy dreamed up by a 
17 year old at 2:13 AM with a messed up sleep schedule." Azeala noted rationally.

"OK, I'll do it" Bob whispered.

Azeala and Mercury reverently bestowed the horns to Bob, the deep black horn to
the left hand and the pure white horn to the right hand.

Bob held them apprehensively. Then, after looking to Buchanan who vigorously
affirmed that he thought this was a great idea with a nod of his head, Bob
touched the horns together and whispered "Coppolla".

At first it seemed like nothing was going to happen.
However, after a few seconds, fireflies swarmed out of unseen pores in the caverns. 
The fireflies congregated into a massive blob in front of Bob.

"Fireflies are particularly connected to the Levant" Azeala noted quietly. "This is super cool".

"Hello friend!" The sound emenated from the mass of fireflies. 
"I have no idea what a situation you are in, but I
know that it will surely be very dire, hence I was instructed to make these
precautions. It seems that if must record this something bad is going to happen to me.
However the time frame for this is not clear, so I fear not for myself. I
believe that I will likely die a peaceful death one day, when I am ready. More, I
fear for you and your fellow citizens in whatever trying time that you live. 
Because of how hard your time will likely be, I have made this provision to help you."

"I have keyed this recording to your hand: in order to be seeing this recording
you must fit the description giving in the prophecy. The white unicorn horn is
keyed to your humble upbringing as a llama herder, while the black unicorn
horn is keyed to your great potential levantic power.
United together the white horn that I created, and the black horn that you must
have created by defeating a unicorn with your levantic powers, will, by the
levancy that I have worked on my white horn, create this recording for you."

"You might wonder how I am protecting this information from getting into the
wrong hands, for a powerful malicious levancer could equally well defeat a
unicorn."

"The protection is in the white unicorn horn. I won't get into any details, but
it would basically incinerate you if you were seeking the secret that I have hidden 
out of desire for personal power or gain."

"Bob, as the chosen one, you are marked. You are blessed with incredibly strong
levantic abilities, but also cursed with the fact that a sufficiently powerful
dark levancer with the right artifacts can easily detect you. You lived a
peaceful existence before your fate became clear. However, now it is evident
that there is only one way forward for you: you must rid the world of whatever
great evil has come upon it."

"My general advice for how to go about this would be to train with Levancy
until you are sufficiently good to defeat whatever adversary it is that you
face."

"If you believe that will be sufficient, that is certainly the safest way"

"However, I feel that it is likely that you are new and unexperienced compared
to your foe. Thus, I will tell you something that I sincerely hope no one else
knows. The secret I am about to tell you is very dangerous. You must make sure it
does not get into the wrong hands. I have trust in you however."

"Once, when I was a much younger levancer, less acquainted with the art of
levancy, I discovered an extremely powerful artifact. It is called
*Amplification*. Amplification has the ability to modify levantic strength, in
particular by multiplying it by a scalar in (0,2) of the wielders choice in a
bubble around the wielder. I heard lore of this artifact, went searching for it
and eventually found it. The power of this artifact is unlike any other
artifact that I know of. It has the ability to increase ones levantic power
such as to be sufficient to crush any with even vaguely similar levels of
levantic power beforehand. It could be used to mask levantic presence while
sneaking. It could be used to mitigate the levantic powers of a powerful
levanter. A levanter holding this artifact would have an unbeatable edge in any
battle!"

"In my naivety I took it. I used it. It felt amazing. But I realized that I was
growing addicted to it so I stopped."

"I tell you this story to make sure that you do not treat the swrod of
amplification lightly as I did. However, don't worry overmuch, if you 
only use it once or twice you should be fine."

"To secure the sword of amplification I used it to seal it with the levancy.
Only if you get 3 enchantments to say, which I will denote as the keys, can you
pull the sword of amplification from the fabric of the levant. These keys will
not be easy to obtain, but there can be no security with shortcuts: by
achieving the keys you will have proved yourself. "

"The first key is guarded by Lincoln the Leviathan, in the depths of the sea of
storms. Once you acquire that key I will give you the information about how to
get the rest of the keys."

"Best of luck to you! And hurry! Presumably the fate of the world rests on your
shoulders. If that's not enough, also the weight of the future. At the very
least your own fate is in jeapordy. Cyaaaaaaaaaa."

After the cloud of fireflies echoed the last word of Rand's message the cloud
dispersed into individual fireflies that in turn receded into the pores of the cavern.

Azeala wasted no time, "Bob, do you understand how important this is now? Will
you seek the sword of amplification? And will you use it to defeat Malimost?"

Bob thought about protesting on the grounds that they didn't know that Rand had
spoken truly in the message, or even that the message was from the legendary
levancer Rand, or even that such a person ever existed. He decided not to however.
He tried to make a habit of not lying to himself. Instead he stalled effectively.

"Yes I understand how important this is. Sorry this is such a huge shock.
Please give me a moment to think about the implications of this statement" Bob
said in a weak voice. Bob wasn't opposed to lying to others, yet the weak voice
was not completely a lie intended to garner pity and give him some time. The words
of Rand were genuinely very disturbing. *I'm marked?* Bob thought. *Malimost
will never leave me alone as long as he can detect my levancy?* *Should I go on this quest?*
*Am I seriously considering this? It's ridiculously dangerous.* *And yet at the
same time, probably much safer than waiting for Malimost to come and destroy
me. I guess I have to either learn how to use levancy well enough to protect
myself, or figure out how to hide myself.* Bob suddenly remembered that Bob had
said that the sword of Amplification not only possessed the ability to Amplify
power, but also to dampen it, hiding the wielding levancer. 

"I will pursue this quest." Bob finally said, just as people were getting
uncomfortable with his silence. "I will travel to the sea of storms, claim the
first key from the Leviathan. Then I will keep travelling to find the rest of
the keys, and acquire the sword of Amplification. And finally, once I have acquired this
unmatched artifact, I will use it to free myself from the continual pursuit of Malimost."

Azeala and Mercury were taken aback from his sudden seeming willingness to
embark on a quest to defeat Malimost.

"I knew you'd decide to do the right thing!" Bucky praised, "The world will
forever remember you as the one who freed the world from Malimost's tyranny. If
you will accept me as your companion on the quest I will gladly accompany you!"

Real tears filled Bob's eyes. By design of Bob's cryptic commit message Bucky
completely misunderstood him. Yes Bob would pursue the Sword of Amplification.
But he would not use the artifact to confront Malimost. He would use it to mask
his levantic scent, freeing him from the pursuit of Malimost. He, and Bucky too
of course, could find some new pasture, a new flock of llamas to tend. Bob was
not so presumptious as to adopt the world as his flock to protect. Bucky would
understand one day. The keys were likely not very heavily gaurded. In essence
he had to fight three more "bosses" similar in power to the unicorn that he had
fought the previous day. With the aid of powerful rogue levanters, that Mercury
and Azeala were certain to make help them now that his position as "the chosen
one" was confimed, these battles should be fairly straightforward. In the
process of his travels he would also be able to learn levancy from some masters.
This would probably prove useful in his future. Bob estimated that he had maybe
a 90% shot at getting each key, and that the events "Bob gets key i" for
i=1,2,3 were likely independent. Thus he had approximately a 72% chance of
success overall. This was compared to the alternative of facing Malimost, a
more powerful levanter than any alive in 1000 years, more powerful than this
Rand fellow who was giving him this quest. Bob estimated his chance of success
against Malimost to be about 0.01%. Of course this had to be weighted by the
fact that it was a more desirable outcome: Bob wouldn't have to hide all his
life. However, his objective function was clearly maximied by the first
strategy. Of course Bob's tear filled eyes would be misinterpretted as gratitude. 
Bob almost couldn't stand it.

"Of course I want you to come Bucky!" Bob gladly cried. "What of the people who
resist Malimost? Am I correct in assuming that we now get an army of levanters to 
help us in this crucial quest? "

"Well" Azeala said looking ashamed, glancing at Mercury who also looked
ashamed, "not exactly". "You see, not everyone here can be trusted. There are
some who don't believe so strongly in the prophecy. There are many who would
see you as a weak levancer, and believe that they deserve this powerful
artifact more than you. For honorable reasons, or even selfish reasons. No,
it's essential that you do not tell anyone that we don't trust."

"How do we know we can trust you?" Bob said angrily. He was very scared, and thus lashed out.

"Bob" Bucky said, mortified at Bob's disrespect, "without Azeala and Mercury,
we would be dead. They saved us from the boars at our village. At great
personal risk! If there is anyone we can trust it is Azeala and Mercury."

*Why do you assume as an axiom that there exists someone we can trust?* Bob's
incessant internal cynic bitterly said. But Bob was mostly able to suppress
this poisonous voice. He knew that Bucky was right, and he didn't doubt Azeala's word.
Nonetheless this was highly troubling.

"OK, I understand, Bob" said reluctantly.

"Awesome. Me and Mercury will of course accompany you" Azeala said, without
bothering to ask if Bob would appreciate their company. "We should leave soon
for the storm land. There is actually a teleporter nearby here, and a linked
teleporter in the storm land. How about we leave tomorrow? Me and Mercury can
make final preparations for our journeys today."

"ok" Bob said simply.

They discussed some logistics, and then returned to the main cavern.

"We'll meet at the teleporter tomorrow morning, crack of dawn", Azeala declared.

"Think you can manage that Bob?", Bucky joked; Bob was not an expert at getting
up early, a fact that Bucky was fond of joking about.

"You can just explore the caverns today" Azeala said.

Then she and Mercury left them. Bucky dragged Bob all around the caverns. Bob
wasn't too excited about it, but they were really very remarkable, and
beautiful. They talked and joked about trivial matters. Bob could almost forget
about how much his life had been drastically altered in the past week. 

And then they heard screams, from far away, in the direction of the main cavern.
Bob and Bucky looked at each other, and nodded, they were in sync. They both
knew that they both knew that this was likely minions of Malimost coming after 
Bob because of this curse that was on him as "the chosen one". Whispering felt
appropriate in the situation.

"We have to get away from llama land. We should take the teleporter to storm
land" Bucky whispered.

"They're probably going to be heading towards the teleporter to stop us from
escaping..." Bob noted.

"They might not know where it is." Bucky noted.

Bob took inventory. He had a vial of diamas that Mercury had given him, in
addition to his enhanced shepherds crook. In his brief fight against the boar
next to his village, and his fight with the kirin he had been able to
instinctively wield the levant. In the worst case scenario 
Bucky had some weapons too, Bob didn't quite remember what, but he had held his
own against the boars in the fight with the Kirin.

Bob considered their options. They could stay trapped in this side tunnel,
where Malimost's minions would inevitably sniff them out eventually, or they
could head towards the source of the screaming -- hoping to avoid notice in what
was likely to become a large battle, or possibly a large massacre-- and sneak
by to the teleporters. In-action was the decision to be hunted down. Acting,
though risky, at least gave them a chance.

"OK Bucky, I guess you're right", Bob decided. "Let's head towards the main
cavern. Maybe in the confusion we can get past to the teleporter."

"Are you sure? It seems pretty dangerous" Bucky said, his worry for Bob now
overriding his rationality. 

"Yes, I think it's the safest way. If we stay here we're bound to be found."

The matter decided, they took off running for the main cavern. As they
approached the sounds of what was clearly a battle -- for the moment at least
-- became louder. When they came to the mouth of the tunnel they stopped to
assess the situation. It was chaos. The same boars that had attacked their
village had found the caverns and were waging war on the caverns. As Bob
watched the caverners boldy fought against the boars, striking many down.
However, many of the caverners were already bleeding from wounds where they had
been gored by the razor sharp tusks of the boars.

Bob saw the tunnel that led to the teleporter which Azeala had pointed out
previously. There was no way that they could get to it. The hoard of boars was 
positioned exactly so as to block anyone from escaping by that route.
Bob was about to tell Bucky that they had better turn back and try to hide
somewhere in the vast network of tunnels. Maybe the caverners would kill enough
boars that they would have insufficient troops to conduct a thorough search.
Maybe they could find another escape route. Being here was clearly futile, and
dangerous.

But before Bob could say this a voice rang out loudly in the cavern.

"Fall back!" a loud voice said, clearly directed at the caverners.

Bob watched as all the caverners fled into tunnels, and the boars, momentarily
confused at the sudden disengagment did not pursue them.

The woman who had spoken was the only caverner left in the large main cavern.
Although she was facing the boars all alone, she did not look scarred, only
resolute. 

She held out a thin sword, lined with diamas, and it suddenly burst into
flames. She pointed it at a section of the horde of boars and an enormous
fireball eminated from her sword, its heading aligned with the orientation of
her sword. The concentrated beam of flame completely disintegrated the boars
that it hit. The rest of the boars were shooken from their brief moment of
shock -- it had taken very little time for the Fire Levancer to shoot her
fireball -- and charged her. The cavern was imersed in flames as she fought
them off. Looking on, as Bob knew every other person in the caverns was, he
noticed that the fire levancer was glowing -- not the orangish-red glow of a
fire but a soft white glow. 

As he watched she sliced through countless boars with her glowing blade, which
seemed to easily pass through their bodies, and completely disintegrate them.

It was a stunning display of power. However, Bob also noticed that the battle
was not one-sided. The occasional boar would get a hit in on her. She was
bleeding from several cuts on her arms and legs. However, she kept going until
the last boar was disintegrated. Everything was still for a moment. The woman
turned around, and although there was no way she could know where he was, she
seemed to look straight at him, as if she knew him.

"More will come." She whispered, her voice amplified by the emptiness of the
cavern. "Go. Now."

Then she fell over, dead from loss of blood.
The people emerged from the tunnels and headed towards the teleporters. No
one talked, although many quietly sobbed. 

Everyone decided to leave the caverns, the fire levancer was right, they were
not safe anymore.

Bob and Bucky got in the fast moving line of people walking up to the
teleporter to storm land. When it was their turn they ran up to the huge
platform and stepped through the shimmering teleporter.

They emerged into storm land, and waited for Mercury and Azeala, who they hoped
would soon emerge from the teleporter to give them guidance. Eventually they
did, looking slightly beat up from the attack of the boars, but not seriously
injured. 

"Follow me" Azeala said quietly, and she led them to a shelter where they spent
the night.

- Azeala introduces Bob to a mentor in the storm land
- Bob does some prep before facing Leviathan
- Bob faces Leviathan, gets key
- the group goes to Plant land
- Bob faces a boss; bucky dies


