
# by kevin. TL;DR: Bob has armor, and is sarcastic

Bob stood next to the stone pillar with a grin. Mercury had outfitted him with
an emerald trenchcoat, with arm guards and a light metal breastplate
underneath. He had a bandolier stocked with potions and throwing knives, in
addition to two long diamas daggers strapped to his legs. After hearing about
the details of the kirin battle, the supplier decided that Bob would be better
off lightly armored, to fit his fast-paced fighting style.

Buchanan was dressed in a similar fashion, and given a crossbow to provide support from the sidelines. 

"Bruh. This. Is so epic. We are... help me out here."

"We, slayers of the kirin, servants of Lampyris and bane of Malimost, are about
to embark on a glorious journey, and the bards shall sing of our names for
years to come," Bob whispered dramatically. 

They both snickered, while Azalea shook her head in exasperation.


# Alek annecdote
An old man lived in a house high in the mountains. One day a hiker, who had
gotten lost on a hike, stumbled upon this man’s house, as he was hopelessly
wandering around, looking for help. The hiker had recently finished off the
last of his water supply and was already getting thirsty. Shocked and delighted
to see the old man’s cabin house the hiker rushed into it. The hiker was even
more delighted when he found out that the cabin was occupied! He quickly
explained his situation to the old man: “I’ve been lost for a week, and have
been rationing my water. I just ran out and am already very thirsty. Could I
borrow some from you?” The old man did not immediately respond but rather
slowly got up and walked over to a cabinet in his tiny house. Annoyed, the
hiker prompted “Come on! I need water! I’ll die of dehydration if you don’t
help me now!” The old man pulled a large metal cup out of the cabinet. Then in
a surprisingly lucid voice he said “Be quiet. Listen”. The old man slowly
walked over to the hiker, and handed him the cup. Shocked, the hiker listened.
Forgot for a moment about his worries and turned focussed on his surroundings.
Faintly, in the distance, he heard a rushing stream. How could he not have
heard it before? The hiker began to understand. He quietly thanked the old man,
and walked, not in a rush, to the stream, hopped from pebble to pebble, stone
to stone, and arrived at the water, where he filled the cup and drank.


