# Prologue
## Scorching wind

## Goals:

 - start of Malimosts rule, he attacks a school of levanters
 - Rand, a very powerful levanter, faces him and loses
 - Malimost burns down the tower
 - everyone (even viewpoint) dies
 - establish that the magic is cool
 - establish that Malimost is evil, but with a reason: wants control, lacked power as child, family slaughtered 

The world was on fire. 

It was not the lightly warm fire of the fire Levant that Rand routinely drew
from; it was a bloated, scorchingly hot fire that consumed everything in sight.
It was likely due to some young Levanter attacking the tower to gain some
Levant amplifier or other item that they believed would give them the ability
to dominate some region. Rand sighed at the malice of the creature desolating
the outside world. How could people become so selfish after seeing the
glorious power of the Levant? How could one ever think that power over
creatures could compare to the joy of wielding the Levant for good, helping the
world, bringing beauty to pass? Rand guessed that it came down to pride: some
creatures simply could not stand the thought of collaboration with equals, and
thus felt the need to be the sole creature able to channel the Levant. Such
creatures always came to the tower. 

Given the history of unsuccessful attempts to seize power Rand was really not
sure why people continued to do so. Maybe the misguided power-hungry fools
felt that they needed a powerful item to begin their rule, or wanted to
eliminate early the people of the tower who would shut down any ruler that had
control by virtue of their power with the Levant. Maybe they just wanted to
prove that they were different by succeeding where past would-be tyrants had
failed.

Many assumed that because of Rand's insistence on peaceful use of the Levant he
would pose no challenge to their plot. Rather, they assumed that the tower
must posses some protection granted by a powerful item that had thwarted
countless power-grabs. They assumed wrong.

Rand pulled from the Levant, channeling storm, to generate a thick mist,
essentially clouds drooping with water, that spread from his body and
suppressed the flames in his vicinity. The tower did not need any protection
wards. Rand was the most powerful Levanter to be born in thousands of years.

Rand channeled wind Levant and glided out of the tower on a powerful gust of
wind. He would confront whatever creature had decided to attack the tower and
give them the same choice that he always gave: relinquish their tie to the
Levant, or die. Of course, this wasn't really much of a choice: how could one
live without Levancy after knowing its power? No one ever had chosen this
peaceful route. Rand was not afraid to fight these challengers though, his
command over Levancy was incredibly precise, and his power was incredibly vast.

As Rand grimly approached the evident origin of the fire--his mist had
dispelled all the fire but that in a small circle around whatever Levanter had
caused it--he noticed that the fire appeared to have a slight black tinge.
What could that mean? Did the offending creature have some item that altered
the impact of Fire Levancy? Unnerved Rand felt himself involuntarily shiver.
The tower was a tall building encircled by a courtyard that was surrounded by a
small gate. Rand was approaching the gate now. He looked back at the tower and
his mist, and then, shocked, double-took. Although his mist was clearly
suppressing the fire, a pillar of fire had exploded from within the mist. As
Rand watched it diminished and finally dissipated. But what could have caused
this?

The sooner Rand could confront whatever beast was causing this and put an end
to these strange events the better. Rand reduced his hold on the Wind Levant,
and eased out of his flight right on the outskirts of the persisting bubble of
fire. Rand channeled Wind Levant again and had the wind carry his voice.

"You who aspires to destroy all that is good of the Levant, show yourself!" Rand shouted

An sad laugh sounded from within the flaming circle, and Rand felt the wind
Levant be invoked. A small pitch black dragon arose from within the flames,
levitating with the use of Wind Levant rather than using its wings.

"I dont't know why you have chosen to attack the tower today", Rand shouted up
to it, "But you have proven that you do not deserve to be able to weild the
Levant!"
"I believe in redemption, so I will give you a second chance: relinquish your
hold on the Levant to me and you can walk away in peace. If you will not
however, I will end you. You pose to great a threat to the peaceful inhabitants
of this land. What say you?"

"I am Malimost", the dragon said quietly, dexteriously using the Wind Levant to
place his whispers directly in Rand's ear. Rand was impressed at the dragon's
level of skill with the Wind Levant.

"When I was barely able to fly members of the Cult of the Blessed came and
slaughtered my community. Although we were peaceful dragons they claimed that
all dragons are evil, and decided that we had to be exterminated. I was small
enough that I could hide, but no one else survived the attack. We had no chance
against them, they were well trained in use of the Storm Levant, from this very
tower as they bragged. They took everything from me. On that day I realized
that the world is not safe with rogue Lenavters in it. I will regulate who has
access to the Levant, only trusted creatures should be able to touch its great
power."

"How could depriving the world of Levancy be for it's good? You've been
wronged, everyone knows that the Cult of the Blessed are extremists who
sometimes misuse the Levant. Their actions should not incite you to deprive the
world of the beauty of the Levant. Do you remember the first time you flew with
the Levant? Without the Levant who would grow food? We need the Levant. The
Levant is in integral part of the world. The Levant connects us to the world.
You can't possibly think that we would be better off without it." Rand pleaded 

"Ah, " Malimost said, "it is certainly true that the Levant is gives great
power. I don't intend to deprive people of this power. I merely intend to make
sure that the people who have it are under control, specifically under my
control."

"So you want my title as head of the tower of Levant learning? I'll never give--"

"Oh no. You can issue documents about best practices of Levant use all day but
no one has to listen to you. I have a far more reliable method in mind. I knew
that such control as I desired would be difficult to attain. I searched far and
wide for a method to be able to control so absolutely and reliably. I heard
whispers of legends of a powerful item, an item that could force creatures to
obey you. I pursued the legend deep into the shadow realm and was able to
procure a bondstone at last."

"A bondstone? But that is an invention dark Levancy. Dark Levancy has been
extinct for thousands of years."

"Not extinct. Merely hiding. Banished to dark places. Biding it's time until a
worthy Levanter came along."

"No. No no no. You must know the consequences of using dark levancy! It eats
away at your soul!"

"What need have I for a soul? I have a purpose. That is enough."

"Malimost, you are a danger to the world and even more so to yourself. I
command you! Relinquish your Levantic abilities to me!"

"Ah, you still don't understand do you? I did not come here because I lack
power. I came here to demonstrate my power. Once you are dead creatures will
flock to me, begging to swear upon my bond stone. You have been around for much
too long you old Levanter. You give people a sense of security. One that will
prove to be false."

"There is a reason Dark Levancy was banished! Even if you defeat me it will be banished again!"

"I shall see. You shall not."
And with that, the ground erupted in an earthquake.

Darn! Rand cursed as he reflexively channeled Wind Levant to escape Malimost's
Earth Levant. Rand then directed his wind Levancy to blow him up towards
Malimost and hurled Storm Levancy at him. Malimost grinned maliciously, and
rebuffed Rand's attack nonchallantly. Malimost shot a beam of Fire
concentrated into a laser sharp fireball directly at Rand, which Rand
extinguished with a quick mist cloud. Except he realized, to his horror, that
it wasn't actually extinguished. The fire, like the fire that had been burning
down the tower was tinted black. As realization struck Rand he looked back to
the tower, and saw what he knew he was going to see: it was completely
destroyed. Countless items and Levancy texts destroyed! Malimost had been
distracting him as the black fire burned despite his storm Levancy. 

Rand had heard many stories about Dark Levancy, and could vaguley recollect
that the Levantic creations of dark levancy could do very unintuitive things. 

He's too powerful, Rand thought, I'd better get help, fight another day. The
destruction of the tower of course didn't mean that the Levanters of the tower
were destroyed, their training was too good. They knew the procedure: if
someone attacked the tower they were supposed to get as far away as possible
flying away with Wind Levancy. Rand would be powerful enough on his own to
best any attacker. Or at least he had been in the past. Before Rand coudl
escape, he would need to temporarily restrain Malimost. He had a very powerful 
item that he saved for emergencies: blinding mud. Rand flew in close to Malimost, 
so close that a fireball nearly got him before he was able to repel it with wind Levancy, 
and then shot the blinding mud at Malimost with a gust of wind.
Malimost roared in surprise, and began spewing fireballs in random dirrections.

Rand flew up above Malimost, gathered his strenght, and pummeled Malimost with
with Wind Levancy, forcing him down into the burning ground.  Rand followed
close behind, and once close enough to the ground bound Malimost in plants with
Earth Levancy. Malimost kept spewing fireballs, but they were trivial to block.

Now is my openning he thought. But just as he was about to fly off, a thought
entered his head: what if he just killed Malimost now? He was very dangerous,
but incapacitated. Rand floated silently down towards the ground, and prepared
a deadly beam of flame. He shot it. And Malimost suddenly disapeared. 

Malimost repeared directly next to Rand, and laughed. 

He could teleport? That was powerful dark levancy only spoken of in a few legends.

That was it, Rand needed to get out now.
Rand used an his speed boost item, and shot into the air.
Malimost lazily soared after him.

Rand was deeply unsettled by this pursuit. 

Rand suddenly came upon an invisible barrier in the air.

Malimost caught up to him from behind.

"Ah, now you realize. There is no escape!" Malimost gloated at his victory.
"None of your young creatures learning at the tower even had a chance. That
barrier will immolate any who enter it."

"No! But they did nothing!" Rand sobbed. 

"Ah yes, now you understand." Malimost said sadly.

"You won't succeed. Creatures will resist you!" Rand shouted in defiance.

"Maybe some," Malimost admitted. "But most won't. They will see the benefit of
restricting access to this dangerous power. I will make them see." 

Resigned to his fate, Rand resumed his attack on Malimost. He threw every item
he had at Malimost.  He used all his centuries of magical experience to assail
the dragon. But it was not enough.  The dark tinted magic seemed to have
unlimited patience. It would hide in a subdued form, as the fire had, until
Rand's attention was elsewhere, and then creep back up. Fireballs Rand had
extiinguished and blown away crept back and hit him.  Not hard, they were week
after being blocked once. But it was too much nonetheless. The incessant
attacks wore Rand down.  Eventually, when all his items were spent and he had
expended all his energy a gust of wind drove him to the ground.  As he fell,
incapacitated, he felt flames engulf his body. The black tinged flames of dark
levancy. 

Darn, Rand thought.

And his body exploded into a pillar of flame.

Malimost looked down upon his work at the tower.

The world was on fire. 


# Chapter 1

## Goals:
 - Bob and Bucky are going back to their village (they are humble Llama herders)
 - Minions of Malimost (unicorns) decided to destroy their village 
   - Bob doesn't know why yet, but later it will become evident that it was because Malimost knew that a powerful Levanter would arise from his village
 - Bob and Bucky realize that they are in danger, so they seek shelter at a rumuroed rogue Levanter town

"Get up!" Bucky's deep voice pierced through Bob's dream of llamas grazing on a field.

Bob groggily began to comply. 

Bucky was a very large man, towering over Bob despite the fact that Bob was above average height in their home village. Bucky wasn't lanky though, he had an abundance of muscle to augment his height making his stature quite imposing. This effect was ruined however by his affable smile and twinkling brown eyes filled with mirth. 



# Chapter 2

## Goals:
  - on the way to the refuge Bob instinctively channels the Levant against something 
  - at the refuge Bob and Bucky discover that 
    - Bob can use the levant
    - unicorns attacked their village because of rumors of a powerful levanter (Bob) that would come about
  - Bob resolves to learn about the Levant and get revenge


# Chapter 3 

## Goals:
  - Bob gets a mentor
  - Bob trains in using the Levant as they seek out the unicorns
  - they face down the unicorns; bob wins; bucky dies
  - Now Bob's really angry at Malimost
  - Bob realizes that he is really powerful
  - Bob resolves to confront Malimost


# Chapter 4

## Goals:
  - quest to figure out how to get Malimost
  - finally figure out that there are some keys to get in order to get to malimost

# Chapter 5

## Goals:
  - exit llama land


