# Chapter 0

The world was on fire. 

It was not the lightly warm fire of the fire Levant that Rand routinely drew
from; it was a bloated, scorchingly hot fire that consumed everything in sight.
It was likely due to some young Levanter attacking the tower to gain some
Levant amplifier or other item that they believed would give them the ability
to dominate some region. Rand sighed at the malice of the creature desolating
the outside world. How could people become so selfish after seeing the
glorious power of the Levant? How could one ever think that power over
creatures could compare to the joy of wielding the Levant for good, helping the
world, bringing beauty to pass? Rand guessed that it came down to pride: some
creatures simply could not stand the thought of collaboration with equals, and
thus felt the need to be the sole creature able to channel the Levant. Such
creatures always came to the tower. 

Given the history of unsuccessful attempts to seize power Rand was really not
sure why people continued to do so. Maybe the misguided power-hungry fools
felt that they needed a powerful item to begin their rule, or wanted to
eliminate early the people of the tower who would shut down any ruler that had
control by virtue of their power with the Levant. Maybe they just wanted to
prove that they were different by succeeding where past would-be tyrants had
failed.

Many assumed that because of Rand's insistence on peaceful use of the Levant he
would pose no challenge to their plot. Rather, they assumed that the tower
must posses some protection granted by a powerful item that had thwarted
countless power-grabs. They assumed wrong.

Rand pulled from the Levant, channeling storm, to generate a thick mist,
essentially clouds drooping with water, that spread from his body and
suppressed the flames in his vicinity. The tower did not need any protection
wards. Rand was the most powerful Levanter to be born in thousands of years.

Rand channeled wind Levant and glided out of the tower on a powerful gust of
wind. He would confront whatever creature had decided to attack the tower and
give them the same choice that he always gave: relinquish their tie to the
Levant, or die. Of course, this wasn't really much of a choice: how could one
live without Levancy after knowing its power? No one ever had chosen this
peaceful route. Rand was not afraid to fight these challengers though, his
command over Levancy was incredibly precise, and his power was incredibly vast.

As Rand grimly approached the evident origin of the fire--his mist had
dispelled all the fire but that in a small circle around whatever Levanter had
caused it--he noticed that the fire appeared to have a slight black tinge.
What could that mean? Did the offending creature have some item that altered
the impact of Fire Levancy? Unnerved Rand felt himself involuntarily shiver.
The tower was a tall building encircled by a courtyard that was surrounded by a
small gate. Rand was approaching the gate now. He looked back at the tower and
his mist, and then, shocked, double-took. Although his mist was clearly
suppressing the fire, a pillar of fire had exploded from within the mist. As
Rand watched it diminished and finally dissipated. But what could have caused
this?

The sooner Rand could confront whatever beast was causing this and put an end
to these strange events the better. Rand reduced his hold on the Wind Levant,
and eased out of his flight right on the outskirts of the persisting bubble of
fire. Rand channeled Wind Levant again and had the wind carry his voice.

"You who aspires to destroy all that is good of the Levant, show yourself!" Rand shouted

An sad laugh sounded from within the flaming circle, and Rand felt the wind
Levant be invoked. A small pitch black dragon arose from within the flames,
levitating with the use of Wind Levant rather than using its wings.

"I dont't know why you have chosen to attack the tower today", Rand shouted up
to it, "But you have proven that you do not deserve to be able to weild the
Levant!"
"I believe in redemption, so I will give you a second chance: relinquish your
hold on the Levant to me and you can walk away in peace. If you will not
however, I will end you. You pose to great a threat to the peaceful inhabitants
of this land. What say you?"

"I am Malimost", the dragon said quietly, dexteriously using the Wind Levant to
place his whispers directly in Rand's ear. Rand was impressed at the dragon's
level of skill with the Wind Levant.

"When I was barely able to fly members of the Cult of the Blessed came and
slaughtered my community. Although we were peaceful dragons they claimed that
all dragons are evil, and decided that we had to be exterminated. I was small
enough that I could hide, but no one else survived the attack. We had no chance
against them, they were well trained in use of the Storm Levant, from this very
tower as they bragged. They took everything from me. On that day I realized
that the world is not safe with rogue Lenavters in it. I will regulate who has
access to the Levant, only trusted creatures should be able to touch its great
power."

"How could depriving the world of Levancy be for it's good? You've been
wronged, everyone knows that the Cult of the Blessed are extremists who
sometimes misuse the Levant. Their actions should not incite you to deprive the
world of the beauty of the Levant. Do you remember the first time you flew with
the Levant? Without the Levant who would grow food? We need the Levant. The
Levant is in integral part of the world. The Levant connects us to the world.
You can't possibly think that we would be better off without it." Rand pleaded 

"Ah, " Malimost said, "it is certainly true that the Levant is gives great
power. I don't intend to deprive people of this power. I merely intend to make
sure that the people who have it are under control, specifically under my
control."

"So you want my title as head of the tower of Levant learning? I'll never give--"

"Oh no. You can issue documents about best practices of Levant use all day but
no one has to listen to you. I have a far more reliable method in mind. I knew
that such control as I desired would be difficult to attain. I searched far and
wide for a method to be able to control so absolutely and reliably. I heard
whispers of legends of a powerful item, an item that could force creatures to
obey you. I pursued the legend deep into the shadow realm and was able to
procure a bondstone at last."

"A bondstone? But that is an invention dark Levancy. Dark Levancy has been
extinct for thousands of years."

"Not extinct. Merely hiding. Banished to dark places. Biding it's time until a
worthy Levanter came along."

"No. No no no. You must know the consequences of using dark levancy! It eats
away at your soul!"

"What need have I for a soul? I have a purpose. That is enough."

"Malimost, you are a danger to the world and even more so to yourself. I
command you! Relinquish your Levantic abilities to me!"

"Ah, you still don't understand do you? I did not come here because I lack
power. I came here to demonstrate my power. Once you are dead creatures will
flock to me, begging to swear upon my bond stone. You have been around for much
too long you old Levanter. You give people a sense of security. One that will
prove to be false."

"There is a reason Dark Levancy was banished! Even if you defeat me it will be banished again!"

"I shall see. You shall not."
And with that, the ground erupted in an earthquake.

Darn! Rand cursed as he reflexively channeled Wind Levant to escape Malimost's
Earth Levant. Rand then directed his wind Levancy to blow him up towards
Malimost and hurled Storm Levancy at him. Malimost grinned maliciously, and
rebuffed Rand's attack nonchallantly. Malimost shot a beam of Fire
concentrated into a laser sharp fireball directly at Rand, which Rand
extinguished with a quick mist cloud. Except he realized, to his horror, that
it wasn't actually extinguished. The fire, like the fire that had been burning
down the tower was tinted black. As realization struck Rand he looked back to
the tower, and saw what he knew he was going to see: it was completely
destroyed. Countless items and Levancy texts destroyed! Malimost had been
distracting him as the black fire burned despite his storm Levancy. 

Rand had heard many stories about Dark Levancy, and could vaguley recollect
that the Levantic creations of dark levancy could do very unintuitive things. 

He's too powerful, Rand thought, I'd better get help, fight another day. The
destruction of the tower of course didn't mean that the Levanters of the tower
were destroyed, their training was too good. They knew the procedure: if
someone attacked the tower they were supposed to get as far away as possible
flying away with Wind Levancy. Rand would be powerful enough on his own to
best any attacker. Or at least he had been in the past. Before Rand coudl
escape, he would need to temporarily restrain Malimost. He had a very powerful 
item that he saved for emergencies: blinding mud. Rand flew in close to Malimost, 
so close that a fireball nearly got him before he was able to repel it with wind Levancy, 
and then shot the blinding mud at Malimost with a gust of wind.
Malimost roared in surprise, and began spewing fireballs in random dirrections.

Rand flew up above Malimost, gathered his strenght, and pummeled Malimost with
with Wind Levancy, forcing him down into the burning ground. Rand followed
close behind, and once close enough to the ground bound Malimost in plants with
Earth Levancy. Malimost kept spewing fireballs, but they were trivial to block.

Now is my openning he thought. But just as he was about to fly off, a thought
entered his head: what if he just killed Malimost now? He was very dangerous,
but incapacitated. Rand floated silently down towards the ground, and prepared
a deadly beam of flame. He shot it. And Malimost suddenly disapeared. 

Malimost repeared directly next to Rand, and laughed. 

He could teleport? That was powerful dark levancy only spoken of in a few legends.

That was it, Rand needed to get out now.
Rand used an his speed boost item, and shot into the air.
Malimost lazily soared after him.

Rand was deeply unsettled by this pursuit. 

Rand suddenly came upon an invisible barrier in the air.

Malimost caught up to him from behind.

"Ah, now you realize. There is no escape!" Malimost gloated at his victory.
"None of your young creatures learning at the tower even had a chance. That
barrier will immolate any who enter it."

"No! But they did nothing!" Rand sobbed. 

"Ah yes, now you understand." Malimost said sadly.

"You won't succeed. Creatures will resist you!" Rand shouted in defiance.

"Maybe some," Malimost admitted. "But most won't. They will see the benefit of
restricting access to this dangerous power. I will make them see." 

Resigned to his fate, Rand resumed his attack on Malimost. He threw every item
he had at Malimost. He used all his centuries of magical experience to assail
the dragon. But it was not enough. The dark tinted magic seemed to have
unlimited patience. It would hide in a subdued form, as the fire had, until
Rand's attention was elsewhere, and then creep back up. Fireballs Rand had
extiinguished and blown away crept back and hit him. Not hard, they were week
after being blocked once. But it was too much nonetheless. The incessant
attacks wore Rand down. Eventually, when all his items were spent and he had
expended all his energy a gust of wind drove him to the ground. As he fell,
incapacitated, he felt flames engulf his body. The black tinged flames of dark
levancy. 

Darn, Rand thought.

And his body exploded into a pillar of flame.

Malimost looked down upon his work at the tower.

The world was on fire. 


# Chapter 1

"Get up!" Bucky's deep voice pierced through Bob's dream of llamas grazing on a field.

Brushing his black shoulderlength hair from his eyes, Bob groggily began to comply. 
Although the morning was somewhat chilly, Bob could tell that the day was
shaping up to be a pleasant summer day, slightly hot but with a refreshing
breeze. Bob loved the summer in llama land, in the winter no matter how many
cloaks he bundled up in he allways felt the chill in his bones. Bucky always
joked about this: Bucky said that Bob was a young child unacquainted to the
world; in some far parts of the world their summers were colder than llama
land's winter, and where it got so cold that white powder called snow fell from
the sky instead of rain, he often joked good heartedly. Bucky only had
experience with such places because he had been with his dad, the village
merchant, on a few journeys as a very young child. Bob was hardly a young
child, a few months younger than Bucky at most, if not older than Bucky, but
you couldn't tell from his stature. Bucky was a very large man, towering over
Bob despite the fact that Bob was above average height in their home village.
Bucky wasn't lanky though like Bob, he had an abundance of muscle to augment
his height making his stature quite imposing. This intimidating effect was
ruined however by his affable smile and twinkling brown eyes filled with mirth.
Bob had been friends with Bucky since early childhood. They had naturally
decided to graze llamas together a few years back, and over the years had
experienced their share of adventures: dealing with runaway llamas comprising
the large part of these adventures. They could hide in lots of places in the
hilly expanses of Llama land and catching them when they had the mind to run
off was quite difficult.

Bob carefully rolled up his light summer travel cloak and tied it to his backpack.
He walked towards the smell of oats, which reminded him of the oats his
mom always used to make.  Bucky had already started making breakfast
on a cheery campfire in the center of their campsite for the week. Today it was
time to move on from this campsite, they couldn't let the llamas graze for more
than a week in one location or the grass would be hard pressed to recover. Bob 
sat down on a rock next to Bucky. 

"Sometimes I think you'd sleep past noon if I didn't wake you" Bucky joked.

It wasn't true, Bucky woke extraordinarily early whereas Bob had a regular sleep cycle.

"Where are we taking the Llamas next?" Bob queried.

Bucky took out his map, which was intricately drawn in deep black lines on a piece of parchment.

"Normally we would go to The Burrow next, but we actually are quite close to
the village. If we press hard I think we could make it by tonight. It would be
fun to see some familiar faces, and we could restock on supplies. The only
breakfast I have left is oats!"

"Wow, I didn't realize we were that close!" Bob replied. "Yes that'd be super
coppola! What are we waiting for?"

"Well I didn't want to interupt your sleep", Bucky said smirking.

They scarfed down the remnants of their oats and quickly washed their dishes,
put out the fire, and packed their bags. 

The Llamas were milling about, but moved to follow Bob and Bucky as they started walking.
The occasional Llama needed a little more than the pull of the group of llamas
moving to direct it; for that Bob and Bucky had long wooden staffs, hooked at
the end, for gently directing a llama back to the right path.
Bucky navigated with his compass and map, which left Bob free to think.

It had been months since he had seen the village, and his family.
Bob was an only child but had never felt cheated because of this: his bond with
Bucky was stronger than many brother-brother relationships that he had
observed. However, Bob deeply loved, and hence missed, his parents.

Bob's mom, Grace was sturdily built with Black hair that ran down her back. 
He remembered the smell of Grace's homemade bread. He really liked this bread.

Bob's dad was an unusually thoughtful man. Bob remembered how when he was 
younger his dad had always read him stories like Lewis' *Chronicles of Narnia*.

Bob and Bucky walked on at a leisurely pace, occasionally trading comments.

After walking for longer, an unexplicable feeling of unease began to gradually
creep over Bob. There was no clear cause, and Bucky's comments did not give any
hint that he felt the same, so Bob decided to not say anything: *no point
in spoiling Bucky's excited mood* Bob thought.
However, the feeling only intensified. Suddenly Bob, who had been scrutinizing
their surroundings for a while by now noticed a dark stream of smoke emenating
from the ground far in the distance,
dirrectly in the dirrection that they were walking.

"Bucky", Bob said, his voice shaking, cutting Bucky off in the midst of some
trivial comment that he hadn't been listening to. "Do you see that smoke up there?".

"Yes. It looks like it is coming directly from the direction of our village! Do
you think they are having a big gathering around the huge bonfire that they
usually have huge gatherings around? Those are usually pretty exciting! I can't
remember them ever doing one of these during the day, kind of no point in
having a fire you know, but remember the time that there was a fire dancer that
performed? He spun fire around like I imagine someone could with fire levancy!
What do you think they are doing at this gathering?"

"Bucky I don't think this is a gathering. You're right that they never have the
fire going during the day, it would be a massive waste of wood. I have a bad
feeling about this." Bob said uneasily.

"You think something is wrong? Like someone's house caught on fire? Oh no!"
Bucky said. "Well you could be right, it does seem like quite a lot of smoke" Bucky admitted.
"I'm sure it's under control, but we should hurry in case they need help,
assuming anyone is even in trouble. Let's leave the llamas here, and run the
last little distance to the village."

Bob didn't feel too good about this plan but was too ashamed to voice his fear
in the face of Bucky's selflessness. Bob was worried about himself, Bucky was
worried about their friends in the village.

They started off at a run towards the village, leaving their sheep to mill
around aimlessly. After getting a bit closer Bob realized that the smoke cloud
was enormous. Almost as if... the entire village was on fire. Suddenly they
came to the top of a hill that they had been heading up and could actually see
the village.

Fires raged all over the village. Dead village peopel littered the
surroundings. As they watched for a moment, stricken with shock, they saw boars
-- big pig-like minions of Malimost with razor sharp tusks -- hunting down a
very small number of moving shapes, which Bob realized with horror were village
people. Although he could not identify faces or forms, he knew that every slain
human was someone who he had known.

"We have to help them" Bucky said, recovering from his shock faster than Bob
and instictively saying what they both knew was impossible.

"Bucky, they're dead. And so are we. The boars will notice us in at most a
minute. They can run faster than us. There is no where we can hide, and they
probably can track us by smell anyways."

"There are dead boars down their too Bob" Bucky said in a trembling yet honest
voice, "we shouldn't go out running, let's go out fighting"

Bob considered the suggestion. On the one hand it went against his instinct for
survival. But rationally he would be dead either way, and maybe getting it over
with would be better than painfully prolonging the moment of his death.

Bob's internal deliberations were cut short however when a boar noticed them
and started charging towards them. It was pretty far off, but becoming less so by the second.

Bob decided that running would be more painful then staying. "Thanks for being
a great friend Bucky. There's no one I'd rather die next to."

"Same! I think. Well actually I guess I'd rather die next to someone evil like
Malimost, because then while dying I'd rid the world of a great evil. And I
would definitely rather you didn't die if it could be avoided. So actually you
might be my last choice of a person to die next to. But I think I get what you
mean." Bucky said.

They laughed together. Bob was surprised, but it was real laughter. Bucky could
do that somehow, his humor and happiness were so insane that you couldn't help
but love them. 

The only thing that they had resembling weapons were their shepherds crooks,
which they brandished in front of them. The boar reached them and they engaged
it. It was hopeless. They bludgeoned it with their crooks, but it was a moment
of time before it gored them on its tusks.

In the back of Bob's mind he vaguely registered what sounded like hoofs -- much
heavier sounding than the boars' hooves, more like horses hooves --
pounding towards them from behind. More minions of Malimost undoubtedly.
*Aw, they'll get here too late to kill us themselves* Bob thought sarcastically, *what a pity*.

The boar speared Bucky in the arm, and then through him to the ground. Then the
boar turned towards Bob and made to gore him through the chest. Bob couldn't
stand it. He closed his eyes. Suddenly Bob felt something surge up in him, and
a loud crack sounded. The boar didn't reach him. Eventually Bob opened his eyes. 
The boar was lying dead on the hill. It looked as if the boar had been struck by lightning.
What in the forest? 

He wouldn't have long to dwell on it before more boars, or those hooves that he
had heard from behind caught up to them. Not caring, Bob rushed over to Bucky,
incredibly concerned for his friend. The deep concern he felt seemed irrational
to him: they would both be dead in minutes, what would be gained from him
helping Bucky? Besides, the gore was likely to make him vomit. Nonetheless Bob
felt compelled to see how serious his friend's injury was.

"Bucky? Are you ok?" Bob asked.

Bucky only groaned. The boar's tusk had made a deep gash in Bucky's arm and
blood was gushing from it. Staving back nausea Bob ripped off part of Bucky's
shirt and tied a crummy tourniquet.

The hooves from behind stopped and a rider yelled down, "Get on. Hurry!"

*What?* Bob thought, *Why would they want us alive but none of the other villagers? Are these people from a different group?*.

"Who are you?" Bob demanded.

"We're your friends, and you're going to be gored by boars if you don't get on
this horse right now." a male voice said sarcastically.

"I'm Azeala, that's Mercury. And you're the chosen one. Let's save more
introductions for after we get away from this situation" a female voice said
from a different horse.

The riders hopped down. 

"Is your friend still alive?" Mercury asked, seemingly unconcerned.

"Yes!" Bob said, still in shock at his possible escape from death.

At that moment the next wave of boars reached them. 

"Get Bucky on a horse and get on the other horse. We'll deal with the boars and
then be out of here." Azeala said confidently yet grimly.

They looked to have actual weapons, and Bob didn't think he'd last seconds
against the group of 5 boars that was nearly upon them -- his victory over a
single boar was a strange fluke -- so he had no choice but to trust the riders. 

He gently picked up Bucky and put him on one of the horses, and then got on the
other horse. Azeala and Mercury made short work of the boars, Bob didn't get to
see much but the end result: 5 boar corpses and Mercury and Azeala emerging
without a scratch. After their fight the riders ran to the horses. 
Bob was strangely tired, and began to pass out on the horse.

"Is he ok? " Bob heard Mercury ask in a voice laden with concern.

"He's just tired from using levancy. I don't think he understands what he did. But he will learn."

"How can you be sure?" 

"Because he must."

Bob drifted out of conciousness as they continued their escape from the boars.

