
# Chapter 3 

Bob followed Azalea through the tunnels, arriving at a dark grotto. 

“Holy...” Bob was left speechless. The grotto was illuminated by chasms and
deposits of glowing minerals, eliminating the need for torchlights. 

“Boss won’t be happy with the peasant you brought back.” A man with winged
sandals nodded in greeting, as he sipped from a canteen of Lampyris-knows-what. 

Azalea scowled. “The peasant, as you call him, might be our only chance at
salvation. Look at his eyes. ”

The man peered at Bob’s face. “Forest green flecked with silver… “ he murmured
in disbelief. “It’s him. The Chosen One.“

“Holdup” Bob raised a hand. “First of all, who” he gestured at the man, “The
hell is he, and what is this ‘chosen one’ rubbish?” 

Azalea rolled her eyes. “This is Mercury. He’s our main supplier, in addition
to being a full-time annoyance. Give him your shepherd’s crook.”

“The standard build then?” Mercury grimaced, as Bob warily handed him the
wooden crook. “Man, this thing is absolutely horrendous. I’m going to make a
few minor adjustments. Hope you don’t mind.”

Bob stared in horror as Mercury chopped the curved portion off. “You defaced my
crook!” he protested. “It was a family heirloom!”

“The balance and design were simply horrible really, completely impractical in
terms of combat. This is so much better”, Mercury explained, as he started
applying some sort of adhesive. Then he pulled out some metallic strips and
began lining the formerly-crook-now-staff with it. 

Azalea sat down and began cleaning her sword. “As for the Chosen One… you’ll
have to wait a bit later before you’re allowed to hear about that.”

Mercury handed the staff back to Bob. “Here,” he said. “It’s lined with diamas
metal now. The material serves as… a conduit for levancy, if I may. When
ingested, it grants levanters enhanced healing and levantic abilities. You can
also redirect or amplify your powers through physical weapons with diamas
embedded in them. Alchemists have been debating about the existence of the
Philosopher’s Stone for centuries, and it turns out that diamas comes pretty
damned close to being the levancer’s equivalent of it.”

Azalea admired the shining gleam of her polished blade. “Mercury capped the
ends with diamas as well. It should be able to handle anything you come across
for now until you get Vee to fix you something better. She’s the one who forged
my sword. Out of diamas as well, obviously.”

“Victoria, or Vee, is our blacksmith.” Mercury clarified. “Now, that’ll be five
hundred seg.”

Bob raised an eyebrow. “I thought you were the supplier.”

“Shopkeeper would be the more adequate term. Azalea gets things for free because I owe her a life debt. It’s a long story, but don’t expect free handouts."

"Well, if you don't have cash, I also accept payment in the form of blood-bound
magical favors or your firstborn child."

Bob blinked in confusion.

“Mercury, stop teasing him”, Azalea chided.

“Fine. He’s going to have to do me a favor though.” Mercury turned towards
Bob. “I need the unicorn on the Turquoise Grasslands out of the way. 

“A unicorn.” Bob said, deadpanned. “You expect a 17 year-old llama herder, with
no combat experience, to defeat a unicorn.”

“You’ll be fine. The Levant is particularly strong in this area, for reasons
I’m not allowed to tell you yet. It’ll guide your movements and improve your
reflexes. Just stay calm, don’t do anything stupid, and drink this vial of
highly illegal drugs.” Mercury held out a bottle filled with a shimmering liquid. 

“This vial of WHAT?”

“...I’m messing with you, this is the concoction of diamas metal and other
solvents I mentioned earlier. 

Azalea smiled wryly. “It IS technically illegal under Malimost’s rule, though
quite frankly, we don’t really give a damn about what a power-obsessed dragon
considers legal or illegal.” 

...Some time later…. 

“Alright Bob. I’ll take care of the boars, and you tackle the unicorn. Don’t
look at me like that, you’re the one with the uber-cool superhuman abilities.” 

Bob had other doubts. “Maybe we should just leave.” 

“C’mon, you have to at least give it a try! What’s the worst that could
happen?”

“Do NOT ask THAT QUESTION! Every time, I swear to Lampyris, why do you always
have to jinx it? This is like deja vu of that time with the rabid llam-”

“Okay, okay calm down i get it. But the stakes are low, and we could always
retreat if things get bad. We’ve both dealt with wild boars before, and with
your new abilities, the unicorn should be a joke.”

Bob glared at Buchanan. “You actually have zero concern for your personal
safety.”

"Tell me something we didn't already kn- DUCK!"

Buchanan's retort was cut in half, as a horned beast covered with scales charged towards them. The two dived in opposite directions, barely dodging its ivory horn. The unicorn whinnied in annoyance, and as if on cue, a horde of boars appeared in the clearing. Buchanan nodded at Bob, then pulled aggro from the boars, leaving Bob to deal with the unicorn. 

Bob steadied himself, drew a deep breath, and gulped down the potion Mercury had given him. He felt a surge of power, both the insignia on his cheek and his staff glowing in the same shade of turquoise. 

The unicorn pawed the floor, preparing to continue its assault. Bob twirled his staff in a defensive pattern, movements guided by the levant, his head lifted high in defiance against the majestic creature. It charged again, but Bob sidestepped the attack easily, this time assisted with diamas metal coursing through his veins. 

He whipped his weapon towards the horn, hoping to snap the ivory material, but caught the unicorn on its shoulder instead. Bob grunted in pain as the beast landed a kick in retaliation, dislocating his left arm and rendering it useless for the remainder of the fight, despite his accelerated healing. 

The unicorn was not unscathed either, its maw bloodied by the jagged ends of the diamas strips. The young levancer and the beast continued to exchange blows, neither able to gain the upper hand. They fought on as the sun set in the horizon, equally matched in strength and agility and brutality. 

Bob cursed. *Mercury said this was supposed to be easy*, he thought. 

Suddenly, Buchanan cried out. As Bob looked away, the unicorn took advantage of the distraction and gored him through his already-damaged arm. Bob yelled in pain as he landed on the rocky dirt, while the unicorn aimed towards his heart for its final blow. Bob lifted his arm in a desperate attempt to shield himself, a prayer to the nameless gods on his lips. His insignia shone, even brighter than before, and Bob caught the faint scent of lavender.

The air ignited, a cyclone of blood and fury, knocking the unicorn to the ground. 

Light-headed from the sudden drain of energy, Bob crawled towards the unicorn. He drew his hunting knife and stabbed the pitiful, moaning creature without hesitation. He supposed that one should feel guilt at slaying a magnificent being like the one before him, but Bob never was one for sentimental nonsense. 

He collapsed in pain and exhaustion, as the unicorn slowly passed into the void, its silvery blood pooling onto the soft grass. 

...

After what felt like an eternity, Bob was shaken awake by someone.
"You did it!" Buchanan yelled. 

Bob spat blood. "I almost *died*", he croaked. "I almost died, and it would've been a *joke* to Mercury."

"What have we gotten ourselves tangled into?" he whispered in horror.


# Chapter 4

Mercury and Azalea glanced at each other. 
"Bob?" Azalea asked carefully. "This isn't a unicorn's horn. How did you get this?"

"What do you mean 'how'. I listened to Mercury's bullshit about the whole thing being easy, almost died fighting the unicorn, took a nice, leisurly stroll around Hell's doorstep, then came back because *someone*," he glared pointedly at Buchanan, "couldn't contain their enthusiasm, and refused to let me black out in peace."

Mercury gingerly picked up the remanent of the mythical creature. "This did NOT come from a unicorn. This is a kirin's antler, and those things are supposed to be unkillable. Even *Rand* was not reckless enough to take on a kirin."

"Wait," Buchanan asked. "What's the difference between the two?"

Mercury explained with equal parts frustration in Buchanan's ignorance and shock at the trophy he held.
"Unicorns are everywhere, and a major nuisance at that. Relatively easy to dispatch, but they breed like rats. Kirins, on the other hand... Kirins are essentially minor deities. They're *incredibly* rare, like, once-in-a-millenia kind of rare."

"If I'm not mistaken, the kirin Bob just hunted down was the same one Malimost fought. Malimost managed to get an antler, but at the cost of his hindleg being permanently maimed. Of course, that was centuries ago when Malimost was still a youngling, and he hasn't attempted it again since then. But still... to defeat a kirin is no easy feat."

"No easy feat?" Mercury mocked. "That's an understatement. Why, it's practically unheard of! Kid, I have newfound respect for you."

"Does that mean you won't charge me for supplies?" Bob tried with a smile, despite the horror intensifying in his heart.

Mercury smirked. "Don't push your luck. I'll give you a decent set of supplies to get you started with though. Can't have the most talented levancer in the world die because he wasn't properly equipped."

* heal Bob's arm
* add prophecy details

... 

Bob stood next to the stone pillar with a grin. Mercury had outfitted him with an emerald trenchcoat, with arm guards and a light metal breastplate underneath. He had a bandolier stocked with potions and throwing knives, in addition to two long diamas daggers strapped to his legs. After hearing about the details of the kirin battle, the supplier decided that Bob would be better off lightly armored, to fit his fast-paced fighting style.

Buchanan was dressed in a similar fashion, and given a crossbow to provide support from the sidelines. 

"Bruh. This. Is so epic. We are... help me out here."

"We, slayers of the kirin, servants of Lampyris and bane of Malimost, are about to embark on a glorious journey, and the bards shall sing of our names for years to come," Bob whispered dramatically. 

They both snickered, while Azalea shook her head in exasperation.



